whether this was a successful juror
after Packers new general manager Ted
Thompson remains to be seen but what we
do know after a long weekend the Packers
have added 11 more players to their
roster including eight today in the
fourth round they go defense and pick
safety marvel Underwood from San Diego
State and BYU linebacker Brady popping
up then in the fifth round Packers take
North Carolina 8 a.m. T Center Junius
Costin and cornerback Michael Hawkins
from Oklahoma in the sixth round Green
Bay selected defensive end Mike
Montgomery from Texas A&M and wide
receiver Craig Gregg from UCLA and
finally in the seventh round the Packers
picked a linebacker Kurt Campbell from
Albany and Michigan State Guard will
Whitaker now if you're like me you don't
recognize a lot of the names the Packers
drafted on day 2 you're looking at video
of a Marvel Underwood from San Diego
State and while we might not be familiar
with these players Packers GM Ted
Thompson says he's very happy with his
selections I think these guys are going
to come in and contribute this is you
know in the NFL you need all kinds of
players we think there's a good chance
over time that that we might have got
several starters in this draft now the
other big story for the Packers today
their top draft pick Aaron Rodgers made
his first appearance in Green Bay 12
sports
Andy candy has more on the quarterback
hoping to make Lambeau Field mr. Rogers
neighborhood the 2005 draft for the
Green Bay Packers will be remembered for
one thing that is drafting their
quarterback of the future Aaron Rodgers
out of California he's the quarterback
that will someday replace Brett Favre
and today Rodgers comes to his new home
for the first time to walk on a field
where so many greats have played and
one of my favorite quarterbacks ever
Brett Favre is played who's gonna be my
teammate just really awesome knowing I'm
gonna be running out a tunnel and to the
best fans in the country into American
you know playing for America's Team Plus
Rodgers won't have to jump into the fire
right away he'll learn from the best in
Brett Favre
I want to find out how he's been so
successful over the last 15 years and
one of the things that he does how he
prepares himself what he's singing about
on the field and what's going through
his mind at all times and he's one of
the greatest quarterbacks of all time
and I think I just have a great
opportunity to learn from from him every
day Rodgers was hoping to speak with
Favre yesterday in fact he thought he
was getting a call from far when he got
a call from Mississippi on his cell
phone
turned out it was rich Campbell he was
of course the last packer quarterback to
be drafted in the first round Campbell
went to California like Rogers and
Rogers I guess we'll have to wait until
Thursday to meet Favre that's when
minicamp begins for the rookie here in
green